__Thanks for puchasing a Cyclops LED driver kit!__

This getting started guide provides abbriated instructions that will allow you
to assemble and start using your cyclops. For details on performance specs,
usage, and assembly, please have a look at the complete manual available in PDF
or markdown form on the cyclops github repo. 

    https://github.com/jonnew/cyclops/blob/master/MANUAL.md

If you have any questions, do not hesitate to post them to the open-ephys
mailing list where I will try to reply with great precision and speed:


Pull requests for the documentation and firmware are welcome -- I would love
your help in making this device easy to use!

### Attribution
Designing and building this device, coordinating the acquisition of materials
and processes for manufacturing and distribution required great effort. The
processes has been a tremendous learning experience for me. I am happy that
this device may end up enabling your work! I also hope this project can serve
as a humble block in a large set of _high-quality_, _open-source_, _accesible_,
_afforable_tools for neuroscience research that enable  _open_ and
_reproducable_ science.

If you end up using the cyclops driver in published work, it would mean a great
deal to me if you would consider referencing the paper the cyclops was designed
for in the methods section of paper:


and providing a link to the github repo so others might discover and make use
of the device.

Thanks again for taking the leap and helping me take this project to the next
level. Lets get started.

### Beta "Features"
OK, so before we actually get started, I wanted to let you in on a few awesome
features only available to beta testers. I assure you (see point 3 below), that
despite these very neat beta-only characteristics, your Cyclops will kick just
as much butt as the next production round.

1. Cool manually replaced linear regulator

It turns out that these chips are different:

For this reason, I had to manually replace every board's linear regulator after
they had been assembled. 


Thank goodness for podcasts! The little dot on the
large power trace at the front right corner of the board indicates that the
replacement was made just for you.

2. Awesome minimal silkscreen layer

When I got the boards back from the assembler, I noticed the looked very
streamlined. "Must be a result of those super precise pick and place machines",
I thought to myself. "Amazing how much cleaner a robot can solder than
me.........where the are the component labels?"



At least the cyclops drawing is still on the back. Without that, the board doesn't work.

3. Sweet quality control check
Given the kinks in the manufacturing process, I wanted to ensure the kit that you receive was not going  

### Kit Contents




### Assembly Instructions


### Power up


### Simple fiber coupled LED ideas

